### Patent Registration
1. Sung Young Lee and **Cam Hao Hua**, Image segmentation method, apparatus, and computer program to identify objects in images, [US Patent 11,145,061](https://patents.google.com/patent/US11145061B2), Oct. 2021.
2. Sung Young Lee and **Cam Hao Hua**, Bracket-style convolutional neural networks for semantic image segmentation, [Japan Patent 6890345](https://patents.google.com/patent/JP6890345B2/en), Jun. 2021.
3. Sung Young Lee and **Cam Hao Hua**, Method, apparatus and computer program for image segmentation, [Korea Patent 10-2215757](https://patents.google.com/patent/KR102215757B1/en), Feb. 2021

### Research Publications

#### Journal Articles
1. Mugahed A Al-Antari, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Jaehun Bang, and Sungyoung Lee, “Fast deep learning computer-aided diagnosis of covid-19 based on digital chest x-ray images,” Applied Intelligence, vol. 51, no. 5, pp. 2890–2907, 2021.
2. Thien Huynh-The, Van-Sang Doan, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Quoc-Viet Pham, Toan-Van Nguyen, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Accurate lpi radar waveform recognition with cwd-tfa for deep convolutional network,” IEEE Wireless Communications Letters, vol. 10, no. 8, pp. 1638–1642, 2021.
3. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Van-Sang Doan, Quoc-Viet Pham, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Accurate deep cnn-based waveform recognition for intelligent radar systems,” IEEE Communications Letters, vol. 25, no. 9, pp. 2938–2942, 2021.
4. **Cam-Hao Hua**, Thien Huynh-The, Sung-Ho Bae, and Sungyoung Lee, “Cross-attentional bracket-shaped convolutional network for semantic image segmentation,” Information Sciences, vol. 539, pp. 277–294, 2020. [Link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0020025520306101?via%3Dihub)
5. **Cam-Hao Hua**, Kiyoung Kim, Thien Huynh-The, Jong In You, Seung-Young Yu, Thuong Le-Tien, Sung-Ho Bae, and Sungyoung Lee, “Convolutional network with twofold feature augmentation for diabetic retinopathy recognition from multi-modal images,” IEEE Journal of Biomedical and Health Informatics, vol. 25, no. 7, pp. 2686–2697, 2020. [Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9277518)
6. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Trung-Thanh Ngo, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Image representation of pose-transition feature for 3d skeleton-based action recognition,” Information Sciences, vol. 513, pp. 112–126, 2020.
7. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Quoc-Viet Pham, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Mcnet: An efficient cnn architecture for robust automatic modulation classification,” IEEE Communications Letters, vol. 24, no. 4, pp. 811–815, 2020.
8. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Nguyen Anh Tu, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Learning 3d spatiotemporal gait feature by convolutional network for person identification,” Neurocomputing, vol. 397, pp. 192–202, 2020.
9. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Nguyen Anh Tu, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Physical activity recognition with statistical-deep fusion model using multiple sensory data for smart health,” IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 8, no. 3, pp. 1533–1543, 2020.
10. **Cam-Hao Hua**, Thien Huynh-The, Kiyoung Kim, Seung-Young Yu, Thuong Le-Tien, Gwang Hoon Park, Jaehun Bang, Wajahat Ali Khan, Sung-Ho Bae, and Sungyoung Lee, “Bimodal learning via trilogy of skip-connection deep networks for diabetic retinopathy risk progression identification,” International Journal of Medical Informatics, vol. 132, p. 103 926, 2019. [Link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1386505619303557?via%3Dihub)
11. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Encoding pose features to images with data augmentation for 3-d action recognition,” IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics, vol. 16, no. 5, pp. 3100–3111, 2019.
12. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Nguyen Anh Tu, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Locally statistical dual-mode background subtraction approach,” IEEE Access, vol. 7, pp. 9769–9782, 2019.
13. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Nguyen Anh Tu, Taeho Hur, Jaehun Bang, Dohyeong Kim, Muhammad Bilal Amin, Byeong Ho Kang, Hyonwoo Seung, and Sungyoung Lee, “Selective bit embedding scheme for robust blind color image watermarking,” Information Sciences, vol. 426, pp. 1–18, 2018.
14. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Nguyen Anh Tu, Taeho Hur, Jaehun Bang, Dohyeong Kim, Muhammad Bilal Amin, Byeong Ho Kang, Hyonwoo Seung, Soo-Yong Shin, et al., “Hierarchical topic modeling with pose-transition feature for action recognition using 3d skeleton data,” Information Sciences, vol. 444, pp. 20–35, 2018.

#### Conference Proceedings
1. Mugahed A Al-Antari, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Jaehun Bang, Dong-Ju Choi, Sun Moo Kang, and Sungyoung Lee, “A rapid deep learning computer-aided diagnosis to simultaneously detect and classify the novel covid-19 pandemic,” in 2020 IEEE-EMBS Conference on Biomedical Engineering and Sciences (IECBES), IEEE, 2021, pp. 585–588.
2. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Van-Sang Doan, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Accurate modulation classification with reusable-feature convolutional neural network,” in 2020 IEEE Eighth International Conference on Communications and Electronics (ICCE), IEEE, 2021, pp. 12–17.
3. Van-Sang Doan, Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Quoc-Viet Pham, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Learning constellation map with deep cnn for accurate modulation recognition,” in GLOBECOM 2020-2020 IEEE Global Communications Conference, IEEE, 2020, pp. 1–6.
4. **Cam-Hao Hua**, Thien Huynh-The, and Sungyoung Lee, “Dran: Densely reversed attention based convolutional network for diabetic retinopathy detection,” in 2020 42nd Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine & Biology Society (EMBC), IEEE, 2020, pp. 1992–1995. [Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9175355)
5. **Cam-Hao Hua**, Thien Huynh-The, Hyunseok Seo, and Sungyoung Lee, “Convolutional network with densely backward attention for facial expression recognition,” in 2020 14th International Conference on Ubiquitous Information Management and Communication (IMCOM), IEEE, 2020, pp. 1–6. [Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9001686)
6. Thien Huynh-The, Van-Sang Doan, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Quoc-Viet Pham, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Chain-net: Learning deep model for modulation classification under synthetic channel impairment,” in GLOBECOM 2020-2020 IEEE Global Communications Conference, IEEE, 2020, pp. 1–6.
7. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Van-Sang Doan, Quoc-Viet Pham, Toan-Van Nguyen, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Deep learning for constellation-based modulation classification under multipath fading channels,” in 2020 International Conference on Information and Communication Technology Convergence (ICTC), IEEE, 2020, pp. 300–304.
8. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Jae-Woo Kim, Seung-Hwan Kim, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Exploiting a low-cost cnn with skip connection for robust automatic modulation classification,” in 2020 IEEE Wireless Communications and Networking Conference (WCNC), IEEE, 2020, pp. 1–6.
9. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Nguyen Anh Tu, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Learning geometric features with dual–stream cnn for 3d action recognition,” in ICASSP 2020-2020 IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing (ICASSP), IEEE, 2020, pp. 2353–2357.
10. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Nguyen Anh Tu, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Space-time skeletal analysis with jointly dual-stream convnet for action recognition,” in 2020 Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications (DICTA), IEEE, 2020, pp. 1–7.
11. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Nguyen Anh Tu, Jae-Woo Kim, Seung-Hwan Kim, and Dong-Seong Kim, “3d action recognition exploiting hierarchical deep feature fusion model,” in 2020 14th International Conference on Ubiquitous Information Management and Communication (IMCOM), IEEE, 2020, pp. 1–3.
12. **Cam-Hao Hua**, Thien Huynh-The, and Sungyoung Lee, “Retinal vessel segmentation using round-wise features aggregation on bracket-shaped convolutional neural networks,” in 2019 41st Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society (EMBC), IEEE, 2019, pp. 36–39. [Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8856552)
13. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Learning action images using deep convolutional neural networks for 3d action recognition,” in 2019 IEEE Sensors Applications Symposium (SAS), IEEE, 2019, pp. 1–6.
14. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Visualizing inertial data for wearable sensor based daily life activity recognition using convolutional neural network,” in 2019 41st Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society (EMBC), IEEE, 2019, pp. 2478–2481.
15. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, Nguyen Anh Tu, and Dong-Seong Kim, “Robust image watermarking framework powered by convolutional encoder-decoder network,” in 2019 Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications (DICTA), IEEE, 2019, pp. 1–7.
16. **Cam-Hao Hua**, Thien Huynh-The, and Sungyoung Lee, “Convolutional networks with bracket-style decoder for semantic scene segmentation,” in 2018 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics (SMC), IEEE, 2018, pp. 2980–2985. [Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8616502)
17. Thien Huynh-The, **Cam-Hao Hua**, and Sungyoung Lee, “Improving nic algorithm using different binary structure elements for multi-modal foreground detection,” in Proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Ubiquitous Information Management and Communication, 2017, pp. 1–7.
18. Thien Huynh-The, Sungyoung Lee, and **Cam-Hao Hua**, “Adm-hipar: An efficient background subtraction approach,” in 2017 14th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Video and Signal Based Surveillance (AVSS), IEEE, 2017, pp. 1–6.

#### Chapter in Book
1. Mugahed A. Al-Antari, **Cam-Hao Hua**, and Sungyoung Lee, “Rapid and accurate AI-based diagnosis to distinguish COVID-19 from eight other lung respiratory diseases,” in Artificial Intelligence Strategies for Analyzing COVID-19 Pneumonia Lung Imaging, vol. 1, 2022, 7, p. 7. DOI: 10.1088/978-0-7503-3795-3ch7.
